Title: A Real Daily Standup Meeting Example
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8GcCl8w-_E
Tag: Daily_Meeting
Timestamp: 20260224_175639
----------------------------------------

You've probably seen plenty of videos
about daily standups or daily scrum that
focus on the theory. In this video,
we'll focus on the practical sides. A
real daily with a team of real people
tackling real challenges. By the end of
this video, you'll walk away with
actionable insights to improve your own
daily standup.
I am Braum the Block, agile coach at the
Skyline Communications and I'll guide
you through a real daily standup with
our fiber squads. This team develops
software solutions for complex problems
in the media and broadcast sector. Let's
see how they approach their daily.
Welcome to our daily. So let let's look
into the the reviews. Um yeah, the daily
isn't a team meeting, at least not in a
traditional sense. The only people who
should actively participate in the daily
standup are those doing the hands-on
work. In our case, that's mainly
developers. So not the coach, not the
product owner and not the manager. They
can join but only to observe. And after
the meeting, they can follow up to offer
support or ask questions based on what
they've heard. But just leave these 15
minutes to the developers so they can
update their
plan. The fiber squad is an
international and diverse team with
people from Portugal,
Bosnia, and Belgium. Some have been with
Skyline for less than a year while
others have been here for over 10 years.
It just goes to show that a productive
daily doesn't depend on being
colllocated. Remember, you've only got a
limited time box for your daily. So,
promoting quick decision making is key.
To do this, it's important to be as
transparent as possible about the true
state of the team's work without turning
this into a status meeting.
Fiber does this by sharing the board
with their work. Okay. Okay. Don't worry
if you or your team doesn't have this
data. The key takeaway here is to use
whatever information you do have to
create a shared understanding across the
team and promote
transparency. In one quick glance, the
team understands the amount of work in
progress, their current throughput,
their service level expectations, the
state of the work items, and more. Bit
more complete. There's some thought that
probably they should have been in a
different state, but oh no, we are
that's fine. It's good. That's fine.
That's why you do a standup as well to
spot problem. Indeed, there will be
moments when the information presented
is outdated. That's expected. The daily
standup is your opportunity to get the
team back on track with the most
up-to-date information. By doing this,
you've already reduced the risk to your
project and you've done it in just 15
minutes. Congratulations.
The problem they reported is uh when uh
going from draft to tentative they have
an issue with the name. Yeah, that needs
to be as to the customer because it's
production. So yeah, is it also the same
media ops package on staging and
production because did you notice how
the team collaborated? First NRA openly
communicated the obstacle to the team.
Then Tim proposed reaching out to the
customer to see if we can reproduce the
issue on their production
environment. Frederick then suggested
maybe the issue is that staging and
production aren't on the same version.
That could explain the
difference. This is exactly the purpose
of a daily. a team of experts putting
their heads together, building on each
other's ideas and insights to refine and
update the plan for the day. Another way
to save time in a daily is by using a
parking lot. Here, several developers
briefly discussed their plan of action
for supporting a customer with a complex
upgrade to a device called the V matrix.
I will review his mail check with
uh you and Tim because I think he missed
maybe one step in his procedure. Okay.
Uh but apparently he has already tried
it on his staging and he was quite
confident in it. Okay. Let's say uh
there was only one item that that came
out of it and I think it it like to
check with you after this meeting. Yep.
It's fine. Then let's think of line
between us three. um and take it from
there. Looks like it needs further
discussion and with just a few people.
So to avoid taking too much time from
the whole team and continue the daily,
they decide to take it offline. This is
known as the parking lot where topics
that require deeper discussions are
parked. Immediately after the daily, the
relevant people plan a follow-up to
discuss those items in more detail.
Good use of the parking lots allows the
team to stick to the 15minute time box
or even finish
sooner. In less than 15 minutes, our
team has an updated plan. We're aligned,
aware of each other's work, and
confident that our plan reflects the
most current information to turn our
time into value.
To sum it up, remember, keep the focus
on the people doing the hands-on work.
Promote transparency so everyone stays
on the same page. Foster collaboration
by encouraging open communication and
problem solving. And use the parking lot
to handle deeper discussions after the
daily so you can stick to the time box.
And that's a wrap on our daily standup.
We hope these tips help you take your
daily to the next level. Thanks for
watching. Feel free to leave a comment
below and I'll reply as soon as I can.