Title: STUDY VLOG: 96 Hours of Trying Not to Fail ☠️ | CS major, study motivation
URL: https://youtu.be/C2T1OM84OXs
Tags: Science_Vlog, en, long
Time: 20260224_181643
----------------------------------------

I generally don't want to study for this
anymore.
Hey guys, good morning. Today is Friday,
9:22 right now. Welcome back. I have an
exam for my hardest class of the
semester, the system class on next
Tuesday. I haven't been listening during
the class. I missed one lecture
previously and ever after that I think I
just never was able to like listen
during the lectures. So this whole
entire weekend we're just going to study
for that exams. Uh I downloaded the
slides yesterday and the number of
slides is insane. There are so many
pages but oh by the way this is a CS
class but yeah um this won't be a study
vlog. I just got up. I'm going to change
my outfit and put on makeup and then
we're going to go out to study. So, see
you guys in a bit. I'm ready now. It's
currently 10:06. I'm probably going to
get a coffee and then get some pastry.
I'm kind of hungry and also I don't know
why my whole entire body hurts right
now. Let's get it going.
[music]
It's kind of hot here, bro. We're back
to our locking spot in the library.
I am going to first do my morning
routine to do my legal questions and
after that I think I'm going to eat. I
got a parrot from my market and that I
have hot Americano here. calf. I don't
get caffeinated drink usually because
going to be probably I'm not not going
to be able to sleep through night
also [snorts] my water. Stay hydrated
guys.
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; It's 10:59. I just finished my legal
question. I'm going to eat my pastry
right now. My stomach has been rolling.
After that, we're going to start
studying for our system class.
&gt;&gt; It's 11:14 right now. I'm going to start
working on my system slides. Already
downloaded them. So, I'm going to start
marking the slides. Did you understand?
I think that's going to be our first
step. If we have time later after
reading all the slides my professor has,
I'm going to start writing down my own
notes. There's seven slice in total and
each of them are super long. It's like
30 40 50 p pages. Yeah, I'm gonna start
now.
&gt;&gt; guys. Oh my god. I literally cannot take
in those information to my brain. It's
so hideous. I literally want to read it.
I literally cannot process it. I'm
dying. Like, I don't know how I'm going
to pass this. The information is just so
overwhelming. And I swear to God, like I
don't know what I'm gonna do is that
I finished the first slide. I'm turning
on the second right now. And then the
thing is I forgot a lot of the C
programming basics and I have to like
search up everything and I'm literally
chatting with JBD to understand those
infos. It's not going right now. Oh my
god. And I finally compiled all the
slides and guess how many slides there
are.
It's 301 pages. It's freaking 300 300
pages of slides and then you finish
reading all this and then understand
them. I don't know if this is going
well. It's okay. We'll do a little by
little.
Oh my god. It's okay. We will do a
little by little.
I'm feeling very unmotivated right now
knowing how many slice I have. [music]
Guys,
I just finished another slide. I feel
dead right now. I think it just I need
time to understand. But I'm going to go
to the third slides now. I'm still on
the same topic.
&gt;&gt; Hey guys, I'm finally Finished up with a
third spite. It's 3:28 right now. Am I
going to go in like 30 minutes?
right now. I'm going to go.
Hey guys. Um, I'm going to go get food
right now because it's like I haven't
eat lunch. It was super nice today. This
is so pretty. Wow.
Hi guys. I just got back from getting
the food. I got burgers and fries and
then um diet coke. I'm going to eat now
and probably watch some show. I'm
currently watching if you guys know her
but she has a new drama right now. Um
it's it's it's finished and I didn't
start watching until yesterday and
actually it's really good. So I'm going
to watch continue watching that. I don't
know the name actually. Let me see. Let
me check the name of that. It's called
Love's Ambition. I'm going to put it
here. If you guys watch sea uh you guys
can check it out. Um it's type of plot
that we don't really see. Um so that's
the reason why I actually like it. my
food. Look at it. Cheers.
It's 5:48 right now. I just I finished
eating and I was just watching the
drama, but it's been a while. So, let's
go back to our work. I'm going to
continue reading the slide and then
marking them like what I was doing this
morning. I'm going to try to finish at
least half of the slides today. I also
have other work I do have to do work on
my research stuff. There's also a data
analysis project that I need to finish.
I think it's due on Thursday, so it's
like two days after my midterms. Like if
I have time, then I will definitely work
on it. But our priority right now is
still trying to first finish reviewing
all the materials that we have to learn.
Currently halfway there. Actually, I'm
at 151 out of 300. I think it's 301
pages in total.
&gt;&gt; Look at this pretty sky, guys. So
pretty.
&gt;&gt; Hi guys, it's currently 7:24. I just
finished another chapter. I actually
finished two more slides. There was only
two more left, so we might be able to
finish it by today. We're at 2:21 now.
If you can see here, I think we we made
very good progress. Much better than I
thought. I'm going to go shower. I do
have meeting at 8:00, but I will still
be doing my work. It just I have to be
physically in the meeting. It's not like
I need to really pay attention during
this meeting. I'm not feeling really
well right now. I think a shower is
needed. show. I will see you guys later.
Bye. I'm in a meeting right now and my
sweetmate just took almost like an hour
in showering. So, anybody else?
&gt;&gt; Couldn't shower. I'm just going to take
my meeting first
and then go shower because right now
it's just I can't. Oh, yeah. I took off
my makeup thinking that I will be able
to shower, but I can't. [music]
&gt;&gt; Hi guys. It's currently 9:07. I just
finished another chapter. We only have
one more chapter left. I'm going to do
it after I finish shower. Um yeah, on
the last actually have like 50 pages. I
don't know if I'm going to finish it
today. I'm going to try. If not, we'll
just leave it for tomorrow cuz we still
got 3 days. So it should be fine.
&gt;&gt; Guys, it's 9:57 now. I think I'm going
to call it a day for studying cuz I've
been studying the whole day for systems
and it's a lot of work. It's a lot of
information. I just don't think it's a
good idea to continue working on this
and I'm I'm getting tired. So, I don't
think we're being efficient with doing
this. So, I'm going to take take call a
day by now. Bro, we we wrote we are in
Goodn notes for 7 hours and 33 minutes
today. So, I think it's a lot. And then
it's time for us to take a break. I'm
probably going to eat some snacks, maybe
one of this chocolate bar, the Bueno
bar, and then watch a little bit more
show. And I'll go sleep later, maybe at
10:30 or 11:00. And we're going to start
studying again tomorrow when we get up.
But that will be all. So, I will see you
guys tomorrow. Good night. Bye-bye,
guys. Good morning. It's 9:53 right now.
We're Saturday. I just got up. I'm going
to start working again. I'm going to
first do my the whole question for the
day and then I will start doing my R
system lecture note. I have like 40
pages probably left from yesterday and
probably we're going to start writing
down like notes like review notes
ourself based on the slides after after
we finish reading our meeting from 1 to
3. Am I going to just stay in the dorm
until then?
10. Now t three. Um, I just finished my
n question. I'm going to start working
on my slides and then we will start
writing our review notes. [music]
&gt;&gt; 11:17. I just finished reading the
slides. I'm going to take like 10 minute
break or until 11:30. I'm going to
resume working. I think I'm going to
start writing down the notes myself. I
already finished annotating all this.
It's crazy. I read like 300 slides in
the past one day, I think. Um, pretty
good. I think very good progress. I kind
of just like was chatting with Chad GPT
to try to understand everything.
Definitely we have to redo all the notes
again like by writing it ourself and
then so we can actually understand and
probably I'm going to try to practice
pointers arithmetics. Pointer
arithmetics is probably like going to be
a big part of our midterms I heard or
something about pointers. So I think I'm
going to review that after I'm done with
all the slides. So yeah, that's the plan
right now. I'm going to take a quick
10-minute break.
Hey, hey, hey.
&gt;&gt; Guys, I just finished my meeting. It's
currently 2:51. I was trying to write
down my notes on my good notes and then
I felt like not really feeling like
writing notes like that. So, I started
typing up my notes in Obsidian instead.
I feel like it might not be as efficient
or as useful as like writing down, but I
just literally cannot do it. Like
literally, I cannot focus on writing
down notes. I'm gonna go get Papey
later, which is opening at 4:00 and it's
2:52 right now. So, I'm gonna study for
another like 1 hourish and then we're
gonna head out.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god, my face is so red. I just got
back. It's 4:39 right now. I got
Popeyes. Got like fried chicken and
mashed potatoes like usual. Okay, I'm
going to eat now. Probably resume
studying by 5:30 or probably 5:30. I
don't want to like start right now. And
then, bro, I swear to God, our room is
so hot. They to they turn on the heaters
and then I think the heaters temperature
is too high. It's just too much noise.
It's currently 5:16. I'm going to resume
studying now. I just I finished eating
and then I actually don't I'm not really
in the mood of watching drama right now.
So, we're going to study more. I'm just
going to continue writing down my typing
out my notes. I'm still on page 41. So,
we're really far away. [music]
&gt;&gt; Hi guys, it's 7:08 right now. I just
finished finally doing the one of the
chapters. So now I can move on to the
next one, but it's been a long time.
It's almost like 2 hours. I feel like I
should start doing practice questions
soon. Like I am understanding the
materials at the same time. I feel like
I am not understanding them. It's a
little bit iffy on all the stuff. So, I
think we have to like probably do
practice question to make sure that we
actually understand. I've been working
on my bed like this. Um, I was sitting
there and I felt tired and my back has
been hurting recently. Probably because
I've been studying a lot and I just been
like literally there like a turtle like
hunching over like that. I'm going to go
shower soon and I'm probably going to
get some snack. I will see you guys
later. Probably at 8 or 8:30. Currently
8:23. I just showered. I'm going to
resume my work. I was editing videos so
I didn't film. It's exporting right now.
I'm going to try to do one more maybe
one more slides, one more chapter or one
more unit. Then after that, we're going
to relax for the day and then resume
tomorrow.
Hey guys, it's 8:53 right now. I think
um I'm going to call it a day. I'm at
152 out of 301 pages and I just finished
like one more lecture slides. We have
probably half left if I'm not wrong. Let
me check. Yeah, I have like half left.
I'll just do the other half tomorrow or
if I feel like later today I'll do it.
But at the current moment I'm going to
take a break.
Hey guys, it's 10:39 right now. I just
cooked up [clears throat] ramen by for
myself. I was feeling a little bit
hungry, so I cut ramen. Taa. I decided
to do do a little bit more work. I just
finished another lecture slide. It's on
debugging, so it's super short. I
realized that some slides have more
materials that I suffer with and then
some slide doesn't. And this is like one
of those that I I'll just get through
really quickly. I'll finish my ramen and
then go sleep. Cheers.
Bye-bye. See you tomorrow. Hi guys. It's
Sunday today. It's currently 9:42. I'm
going to start working again today. I
think we just want to finish writing
down all the lecture notes that I want
to write down and then probably start
doing practice questions. I also have to
work work on my research today. I'll
also have to finish my the TA stuff that
I need to do for tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; Hi guys. I just got back from getting
food. Um, I didn't feel like eating
anything today. So, I just went to the
dining hall for food. And the food
wasn't that good. So, I just got a
little bit of everything in here. I
finished one one more lecture slides and
we only have one left. So, I'm going to
do that probably while I'm in the
meeting and then probably after two. And
then after that, I'm working on my
research. I don't know why every single
time while I'm I'm filming vlog during
the weekend, it's always going to be
system class and my research. I just
feel like it's never ending. It's always
this two that's like occupying my
weekend. I can't wait for the break to
start, which is going to be in literally
two months. I just don't want to have
any more meetings, any more research.
It's so much work, guys.
&gt;&gt; Hi guys, it's currently Oh my god, my
face is so red. It's currently 4:06. I
just finished writing down all my notes.
So much notes.
So much. And I have like so many
different ones here. Notes.
I low key need to start my research. So
I'm not going to work on practice
question anytime soon. I'm going to take
like a 20-minut break and start working
on my research. And then when we made
some progress on our research, I'm going
to go get food. See you guys later. I'm
going to scroll for a bit. I'm tired.
&gt;&gt; Hi guys. 6:19 right now. I think
spending all my time on my research and
I think we made some progress. We
finished training it, but I don't think
it's correct. We did something. So
that's good. I'm going to stop working
on this because it's getting late. I'm
just like sitting here and working. I
moved to the living area because like
literally heating up in my room. Yeah,
some progress. It's a good break, I
guess, from systems. I'm going to show
this to the professor tomorrow during
the meeting and then see how everything
goes. Um I'm pretty sure I'm doing
something wrong and I don't know what's
what I'm doing wrong. I'm going to go
get food now. Hi guys. I just got back
from getting my food. I got Popeyes
again. The same food. Oh my god. I
literally I should stop eating fried
food cuz I'm getting like two pimples.
One here, one here. I don't know if you
can tell. Um the rest are not pimples.
They're just like dark spots left behind
from my from my pimples during the
spring. Super bad before, but now it's
everything is good. I barely got pimples
now. If I'm stressed or I'm not doing
well mentally or like not resting well.
I still get some like a couple pimples
on my face, but it's pretty much better.
But yeah, no more yapping. I'm going to
eat. It's 7:00 now, I think. Yeah, I'm
going to take like 30 minutes break.
We're like an hour. I'm gonna eat and
then shower. And after that, we're going
back to systems. And I also need to
finish my um TA work for tomorrow. And
then that will be all for today. And
tomorrow is going to be finally final
wrap-up for systems. Print out all the
notes I took tomorrow. And then start
practicing. Who am I going to practice a
little later today, but [snorts] I still
have like stuff I need to study. So,
I'll do that first.
&gt;&gt; Guys, they only gave me chicken. They
didn't give me my biscuits.
Okay, maybe I should I should say thank
you cuz you guys gave me three pieces.
But I want my biscuit.
I'm sad. I'm so sad. What the heck? I
only have mashed potatoes as like carbs
now. I really like the biscuit.
I'm so sad. I should have checked what
they gave me. But whatever.
&gt;&gt; It's 8:14 right now. I finished
showering and oh my god, I had one of
the worst stomach cramp that just
happened in like the past 20 minutes cuz
I was drinking my Diet Coke and it's
cold and I was eating my chicken and and
I think they just upseted my stomach. I
finished doing the lab work so the only
thing we left right now is systems.
Also, did you guys see the shirt? This
is Jenny. I'm a huge fan of Jenny. So
pretty. This is her signature, guys. I'm
going to study now again. We're zooming
for system. After that, we probably go
sleep. I will edit a little bit more
videos because um I'm going to be busy
again.
&gt;&gt; It's 9:05. I just went over another
topic that I am not good at. It's
something that we learned like a year
ago and I kind of forgot all of the
stuff. So, I have to review the
informations and I just exported out all
the PDF of my notes. So, I'm just going
to print it out tomorrow while after I
finish TA. I'll see you guys tomorrow.
Bye-bye. Hi guys. It's 11:00 right now
and today's Monday. It's our last day
before the midterm. I got back actually
a while ago um from my morning TA class
and then um I finished eating breakfast
with my friend. I also printed out all
the notes I have taken. I have a
research meeting in 30 minutes. But
before that, I'm going to highlight the
information and go over them again. I'm
probably also going to chat with Chad to
kind of still understand more about
those informations and after that I
think I'm gonna try to start doing like
practice questions. I'm actually losing
motivations on this like I genuinely
don't want to study for this anymore but
I don't think we have a choice. We
actually need to study. This class is
notoriously being known as the one
that's people is like getting crazy bad
grades. I am not good at system. So if
we don't study we're actually going to
get really bad grades and then which is
really bad.
&gt;&gt; Guys, it's 12:45 right now. I just
finished my meeting. I'm going to
continue study and I have class at 2:00,
so we're leaving in like an hour.
&gt;&gt; Guys,
it's currently 4:34. I just got back
from class. I got like a little dessert
with my friend, so that's why it's
already 4:30, but I'm going to probably
go out to study, go to the library in a
bit. Um, I need to charge my devices
before that. So, this is why I'm back. I
was doing practice questions while
during class um by like asking chat to
generate question for me. And I finished
reading the three most important chapter
here and I finished marking them. So I
guess like our next step is just trying
to understand them more about that. I'll
probably see you guys later after we go
to the library. But I'm going to just
charge all my stuff right now so we can
go out.
I'm going to start
&gt;&gt; Wait.
&gt;&gt; Guys, it's 7:50 right now. I'm losing
it. I'm losing myself. Actually, I
forgot my key and ID. So, I'm waiting
for Christine to finish art class and
come here and pick me up. I've been
writing down my understanding for the
topics. My last chat to create a topic
list for me. I'm just doing that.
Yeah, I see Christine is coming soon, so
I'm going to go back soon. And I'm tired
as hell.
This class is killing me.
Guys, it's 8:21 right now. I just got
back and I got food. Christine, thank
you so much for opening the door for me.
Otherwise, I'll be like so locked out.
Oh my god. Um, but yeah, I got back and
I took off my makeup. Also, I went out
to get food because I didn't have my ID
and I couldn't get food without my ID. I
was trying to write down the
informations like active recall. it
helps when it comes to this kind of
studying. Guys, it's 9:12 right now. Um,
I finished showering and then after
eating and all that, I'm going to resume
studying now. I think I'm just going to
try to go over the topics, finish
writing down the three most important
chapters, informations, and then like
see how much I understand and how much
more I need to remember. And I'm
probably going to sleep early today.
&gt;&gt; Hi guys. It's 10:39 right now. I'm going
to go sleep. I think I literally cannot
study in all these materials is like if
they're in my brain, they're in my
brain. Tomorrow probably we're going to
wake up at 6:00 to study a little bit
more and then our test is at 8:00 a.m.
So, I'll see you guys tomorrow. Good
night. Bye-bye.
Hey guys, it's 6:50 right now. I
literally woke up so late. I was about
to wake up at 6:00 and then I I woke up
at 5:00 today and [snorts] then I was
like, "Oh, we still got time." And I
went back to sleep and then next time I
open my eyes, it's freaking 6:40. But
either way, no more napping. I'm going
to start reviewing the materials because
the test is in 1 hour and 10 minutes.
&gt;&gt; Hi guys. It's exactly 7:30 right now.
I'm going to get ready. I only have like
10 minutes left before we have to go.
I'm just going to change and then
probably do a little bit of makeup cuz
did you see this crazy eye bag? It's
insane. Oh my god. I'll see you guys
later. Wish me luck for this exam. Oh my
god. At least like after this I only
have project and one more midterm left,
guys. It's currently 9:33. I just got
back from my exam. Um, overall it didn't
went that bad. I think like the test was
easier than I expected, but there's
definitely questions that I'm like
unsure about, but it's okay. Like it
makes sense that there's question I'm
unsure about, but I don't think we did
that bad. So, I guess that's good. Um,
and I was confirming answer with my
friend after the test and then it looks
like we got some more results, so that's
good. Um, but yeah, I think this will be
all for this vlog. So, thank you for
watching. I see you next time. Bye-bye.